Teamed with 13 developers to execute APIs that enabled the internal analytics team to increase reporting
speed from 15% to 25% in 2 weeks.

Increased database performance from 10% to over 30% by configuring auto-scaling solutions to meet
varying load requirements.

Spearheaded the design of 20 IaaS-based solutions in Google Cloud Platform and delivered proof of concepts of new solutions on the cloud






Managed 15 AWS accounts, including the setup and configuration of EC2 instances, RDS databases, VPCs,Elastic Load Balancers (ELBs), Cloudfront distributions, Route53 hosted zones & health checks.

Developed 8 automation tools that streamlined infrastructure deployment processes using Bash scripting
language.

Improved RW’s security posture by implementing multi-factor authentication (MFA) on 21 administrator

Provided technical expertise to 10 clients by designing solutions that leveraged over 6 cloud offerings
including Amazon Web Services (AWS).
accounts





bydint

Spearheaded and developed automation and process enhancements
improving network infrastructure tools & services which resulted in an
18% increase in performance.

Constructed technical reviews & raised defect/bug tickets for
components as well as provided permanent fixes speeding up
productivity by 15%.

Implemented key enhancements such as optimizing volumes & EC2
instances as well as creating multiple VPC instances which have
increased the overall speed

Constructed cloud applications & cloud infrastructures that were
deployed on Amazon Web Services in an optimized manner which
improved their reliability by 45%.





TCS
Processed inbound/outbound technical support calls in an optimized
& professional manner closing 70+ calls daily, 25% above quota,
resulting in 100% customer satisfaction.

Administered key operations such as troubleshooting analysis,
identifying system failures, determining points of failure of hardware
and/or applications, overseeing network issues, etc., leading to a 70%
increase in overall performance.





